= jquery.cookie

A simple, lightweight jQuery plugin for reading, writing and deleting cookies.

== Installation

Include script *after* the jQuery library (unless you are packaging scripts somehow else):

    <script src="/path/to/jquery.cookie.js"></script>

== Usage

Create session cookie:

    $.cookie('the_cookie', 'the_value');

Create expiring cookie, 7 days from then:

    $.cookie('the_cookie', 'the_value', { expires: 7 });

Create expiring cookie, valid across entire page:

    $.cookie('the_cookie', 'the_value', { expires: 7, path: '/' });

Read cookie:

    $.cookie('the_cookie'); // => 'the_value'
    $.cookie('not_existing'); // => null

Delete cookie by passing null as value:

    $.cookie('the_cookie', null);

== Options

    expires: 365

Define lifetime of the cookie. Value can be a +Number+ (which will be interpreted as days from time of creation) or a +Date+ object. If omitted, the cookie is a session cookie.

    path: '/'

Default: path of page where the cookie was created.

Define the path where cookie is valid. <b>By default the path of the cookie is the path of the page where the cookie was created (standard browser behavior).</b> If you want to make it available for instance across the entire page use <code>path: '/'</code>. If you want to delete a cookie with a particular path, you need to include that path in the call.

    domain: 'example.com'

Default: domain of page where the cookie was created.

    secure: true

Default: +false+. If true, the cookie transmission requires a secure protocol (https).

    raw: true

Default: +false+.

By default the cookie is encoded/decoded when creating/reading, using +encodeURIComponent+/+decodeURIComponent+. Turn off by setting <code>raw: true</code>.

== Changelog

== Development

- Source hosted at {GitHub}[https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie]
- Report issues, questions, feature requests on {GitHub Issues}[https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie/issues]

Pull requests are very welcome! Make sure your patches are well tested. Please create a topic branch for every separate change you make.

== Authors

{Klaus Hartl}[https://github.com/carhartl]
